FAKE

EPIC FAIL: Anti-Trump Movement Spent $75 MILLION on 64,000 Ads

The system is running out of options it can use to stop Trump.Watch a video of this report here:CNN is reporting that the anti-Trump movement has spent an estimated $75,723,580 on 64,000 negative television advertisements. Furthermore, that figure only accounts for broadcast television, not cable or satellite.About one out of every four dollars against Trump came from Conservative Solutions PAC, a group supporting Marco Rubio s candidacy.Two groups supporting Cruz wasted nearly $16 million in their effort, while his campaign spent $4.3 million.One group supporting Jeb Bush spent $10 million against Trump.Hillary Clinton s campaign has already spent $5.2 million specifically going after Trump.Yet, despite all of these huge sums of money being spent to try and disparage Trump s run for the presidency   they have all failed.Donald Trump is the only candidate still standing on the GOP ticket, and a new poll suggests Trump can indeed beat establishment-darling Hillary Clinton.Most shocking for the establishment, perhaps, is that Trump himself only spent $19 million on campaign advertising   around a quarter of what was spent against him.What is the system going to try next to further its campaign to stop Trump?GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files

Snowden Laughs-off CIA Excuse of a Secret Torture Report

This week's announcement by the CIA that they somehow lost the infamous torture report has failed to impress its critics who are all but certain that the agency has destroyed, or hidden the report in order to protect all who are involved in the illegal and ultimately useless practice of torturing alleged  terrorist  suspects in order to obtain made-up information.I worked @CIA. I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva. When CIA destroys something, it's never a mistake. https://t.co/S1VULfE4NY  Edward Snowden (@Snowden) May 18, 2016RTThe comprehensive Senate torture report could be what was needed to really drive the point home about America s use of torture and its true effectiveness. Word of the document being destroyed emerged despite Justice Department lawyers earlier assuring a federal court there were several copies in existence.The report was said to have been destroyed by the CIA inspector general s office in an  inadvertent  fashion. What was extremely peculiar was the fact that last summer the officials had uploaded a copy onto a computer, then accidentally deleted that. As if that wasn t enough, they have now accidentally destroyed the disk which contained the copy of the report. I worked @CIA. I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva,  Snowden told his millions of global supporters over Twitter.  When the CIA destroys something, it s never a mistake. Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SNOWDEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Snowden Files

THOUGHT POLICE: US Border Control Wants to Study Your Facebook, Twitter Accounts

If this latest proposal from the US becomes policy, it could be a major watershed point for the globalized police state, allowing governments to not only to profile you, but also to target and even exclude individuals based on their online speech and activity. This week we learned that US border control have been running a shadow  test  program behind the scenes, where travelers into the US are asked to declare their  online presence , including any social media accounts and associated blogs.The US Federal Register states,  Collecting social media data will enhance the existing investigative process and provide Department of Homeland Security (DHS) greater clarity and visibility to possible nefarious activity and connections by providing an additional tool set which analysts and investigators may use to better analyze and investigate the case. In the hive mind of the state, the term nefarious is proven to be a flexible one, and could encompass persons of any political or intellectual persuasion who travel internationally. Where does it end?So who are these arbiters of political thought and social discourse?According to this recent report by The Guardian, the  deciders  are likely to be hourly wage earners working for the TSA, or contractors working under the banner of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Initially, these workers would be tasked with analyzing your  online presence : US Customs and Border Protection s proposed change would add a line on both the online and paper forms of the visa application form that visitors to the US must fill out if they do not have a visa and are planning on staying for up to 90 days.The following question would be added to both the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (Esta) and I-94W forms:  Please enter information associated with your online presence Provider/Platform Social media identifier. Thus far, the DHS claim they are only running a limited  pilot program , one which the agency is keeping confidential and out of the public eye. Officials claim that the secrecy surrounding this controversial program is because they don t want to reveal their methods for identifying a potential  terror threat.  Millions of visitors disembark in US each week (Photo: Flickr user Tom May via Fast Company)In practical terms, with 10 million visa applications and over 77 million visitors annually   what we are really seeing here is a giant  big data  capturing exercise that will quickly generate an additional column on your personal database   sitting alongside your standard personal, facial recognition and other biometric ID information, as well as your travel history, and anchored by the RFID chip already embedded in most international passports.How the DHS expects its border control staff to properly vet and verify the information in question before a traveler passes through border security is hard to ascertain. The potential for misinformation is ever present.Eventually, processing this amount of data will probably be farmed out to high speed intelligent, or A.I. computer systems. Similar high-end, algorithm-based analytical surveillance programs like PRISM is already being used by US and UK government agencies to trawl through masses of public online activity, so it only stands to reason that A.I. will eventually perform the job of flagging-up any undesirables.If you went by the US media rhetoric you d think that Facebook and Twitter were the number one causes of global terrorism. No surprise then, that the battle cry for this latest DHS program has to be last December s apparent  ISIS-inspired terrorist event  in San Bernardino, and the subsequent controversy over the FBI s ability access to one of the suspect s encrypted iPhone 5C.What s more likely to be driving this grand security directive is not necessarily some effective plan to  keep people safe , but rather, highly lucrative commercial interests.CIA is investing in firms that specialize in sifting through social media postshttps://t.co/nDVBvKt0bz pic.twitter.com/jiWZgQhYDX  RT America (@RT_America) April 15, 2016No Private SpacesPerhaps the most troubling aspect of this story has to do with assessing the relationship between the individual and the government and the expectation of privacy in a so-called democratic or  free  society.In this instance, the government is adopting a blanket policy of judging a person as  guilty until proven innocent.  By ceding this expectation to the government, an individual consenting to this arrangement by forgoing his or her right to privacy and due process. As history shows us time and time again, once you give this away, it s very difficult to get back.In a BBC interview this week, Joseph Lorenzo Hall, chief technologist at the Centre for Democracy and Technology points out one of the fundamental flaws in the government s new regime, as he explains: It s very hard to see travellers not filling out this item   even though it s optional   as they may fear not getting entry into the country. Democracy in general requires having spaces free from government scrutiny and increasingly social life happens online.   We would have a poor society if people were chilled from participating in social activity online so I really hope they rethink this. Now many Americans might look at this story and think,  This doesn t affect me, it s only for foreigners.  While that may seem true on the surface, the reality is that this DHS system is designed for Americans too. Consider it phase one. Besides this, do not be surprised if whatever rights you deny your neighbor, will eventually be denied of you too.This is what technocracy looks like   it s brutal, unforgiving, and ultimately unresponsive to common sense and reason. Worst of all, it pretends to be driven by a perceived public interest in safety and security, but in reality the only security that s ever achieved through such measures   are secure profits for a select number of corporate firms fortunate enough to win corporate contracts in the ever-expanding security theatre that is Homeland Security. Author Patrick Henningsen is also founder and editor at 21st Century Wire, and an independent foreign and political affairs analyst for RT News International. He is also the host of the SUNDAY WIRE talk radio program which airs live every Sunday on the Alternate Current Radio Network. Support our work and Become a Member at 21WIRE.TVREAD MORE WAR ON TERROR NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Terror Files

FBI Agents Destroy Donald Trump After He Attacks The Agency And James Comey

Donald Trump went on quite a tweetstorm this morning, lashing out former Director of the FBI James Comey and the agency. Trump is losing his sh*t after his former national security adviser flipped in the investigation into any possible collusion between his campaign and Russia. On his former FBI Director, Trump called him a liar, writing,  I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!  Then he claimed his FBI is the  worst in History!  and said it was in  tatters. After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters   worst in History!  he wrote.  But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness. After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters   worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017That tweet prompted a statement from the President of the FBI Agents Association in a series of tweets. Every day, FBI Special Agents put their lives on the line to protect the American public from national security and criminal threats,  FBIAA President Thomas O Connor wrote.  Agents perform these duties with unwavering integrity and professionalism and a focus on complying with the law and the Constitution. This is why the FBI continues to be the premier law enforcement agency in the world,  he continued.  FBI Agents are dedicated to their mission; suggesting otherwise is simply false. James Comey also weighed in. I want the American people to know this truth: The FBI is honest. The FBI is strong. And the FBI is, and always will be, independent. Me (June 8, 2017) pic.twitter.com/OZ1ZiBrMNL  James Comey (@Comey) December 3, 2017Former President Barack Obama s Attorney General Eric Holder also took a shot at Trump s tweets. Nope. Not letting this go. The FBI s reputation is not in  tatters,  Holder tweeted.  It s composed of the same dedicated men and women who have always worked there and who do a great, apolitical job. You ll find integrity and honesty at FBI headquarters and not at 1600 Penn Ave right now. Nope. Not letting this go. The FBI s reputation is not in  tatters . It s composed of the same dedicated men and women who have always worked there and who do a great, apolitical job. You ll find integrity and honesty at FBI headquarters and not at 1600 Penn Ave right now  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) December 3, 2017What the FBI agents are saying is that Donald Trump is fake news.Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images.

REAL

Leak of Senate encryption bill prompts swift backlash

Security researchers and civil liberties advocates on Friday condemned draft legislation leaked from the U.S. Senate that would let judges order technology companies to assist law enforcement agencies in breaking into encrypted data. The long-awaited bill is emerging just as the U.S. Justice Department redoubles its efforts to use the courts to force Apple to help unlock encrypted iPhones. The Senate proposal is an attempt to resolve long-standing disagreements between the technology community, which believes strong encryption is essential to keep hackers and others from disrupting the Internet, and law enforcement officials worried about being unable to pry open encrypted devices and communications of criminal suspects. But the draft bill, leaked online Thursday evening, was planned as an overly vague measure that added up to a ban on strong encryption.  Kevin Bankston, director of the Open Technology Institute, said in a statement it was the almost ludicrous, dangerous, technically illiterate tech policy proposal of the 21st century.The leaked 9-page bill is the most current draft of the proposal, a source familiar with the language said.  It would give judges broad authority to order tech companies to hand over data in “an intelligible format” or provide “technical assistance to access locked data. It does not spell out what form the data must take or under what circumstances a company would be forced to help. It also does not create specific penalties for noncompliance. In a joint statement, the authors of the bill, Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, said they were still working with stakeholders to finalize the bill, which has repeatedly been delayed.  “The underlying goal is simple: when there’s a court order to render technical assistance to law enforcement or provide decrypted information, that court order is carried out,” they said. “No individual or company is above the law.” President Obama is expected to be personally briefed by White House chief of staff Denis McDonough on the proposal on Monday, sources said.  But the administration remains deeply divided over encryption and views it as too controversial to offer public support or opposition for the bill as it is currently written, according to sources. A White House spokesman told reporters Thursday the administration had not decided whether to support the measure, as it is still in a draft stage. The fight over encryption has been at the center of a months long dispute between Apple and the FBI over a phone linked to one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters. Though the Justice Department withdrew its request in that case after a secret third party provided a way to unlock the phone, it announced Friday it would move ahead with an appeal of a court ruling blocking the government from forcing Apple to help unlock an iPhone in a separate New York drug case.  The bill from Burr and Feinstein would make it much more difficult if not impossible for Apple to refuse to comply in such cases. An Apple attorney declined to comment about the draft legislation on a call with reporters.  The proposal from Burr and Feinstein, the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee respectively, is expected to face a steep climb in a gridlocked U.S. Congress during an election year. “For the first time in America, companies that want to protect their customers with stronger security will not have that choice,” Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat and vocal privacy advocate told reporters Friday. “They will be required by federal law per this statute to decide how to weaken their products to make Americans less safe.” Matt Blaze, a professor and computer security expert at the University of Pennsylvania, said on Twitter that the bill was worse than a failed effort by President Bill Clinton’s administration in the 1990s to require a special computer chip in phones to give the U.S. government a way to monitor encrypted conversations. The Clinton-era push crumbled amid stiff opposition from the technology sector that included a crucial security flaw in the proposal detected by Blaze.

Obama trip to Cuba not affected by cancellation of tentative Kerry visit: White House

President Barack Obama's visit to Cuba later this month will not be affected by the cancellation of tentative plans for Secretary of State John Kerry to visit the island nation for human rights talks beforehand, the White House said on Friday. The top U.S. diplomat told a congressional hearing on Feb. 23 that he might be in Cuba for a dialogue on human rights before the president's scheduled trip March 21-22. But officials said on Thursday that Kerry's visit had been canceled amid concerns over Cuba's human rights record. The White House said on Friday that Kerry's decision would not affect Obama's visit, and that Kerry would travel to Cuba with the president.

U.S. asks U.N. to blacklist 10 ships over banned North Korea cargo


The United States has proposed that the United Nations Security Council blacklist 10 ships for transporting banned items from North Korea, according to documents seen by Reuters on Tuesday. The vessels are accused of  conducting illegal ship-to-ship transfers of refined petroleum products to North Korean vessels or illegally transporting North Korean coal to other countries for exports,  the United States said in its proposal. If none of the 15 members of the Security Council s North Korea sanctions committee object to the ships being designated by Thursday afternoon, the U.S. proposal will be approved.  Countries are required to ban blacklisted ships from entering their ports. Four ships were designated for carrying coal from North Korea by the council s North Korea sanctions committee in October. North Korea is under a U.N. arms embargo and the Security Council has banned trade in exports such as coal, textiles, seafood, iron and other minerals to choke funding for Pyongyang s missile and nuclear programs.  In September, the council put a cap of 2 million barrels a year on refined petroleum products exports to North Korea. The ships proposed to be blacklisted are: Xin Sheng Hai (flag unknown); Hong-Kong-flagged Lighthouse Winmore; Togo-flagged Yu Yuan; Panama-flagged Glory Hope 1 (also known as Orient Shenyu), Kai Xiang, and Billions No. 18; and North Korean-flagged Ul Ji Bong 6, Rung Ra 2, Rye Song Gang 1, and Sam Jong 2. Reclusive North Korea has boasted of developing a missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and reaching the mainland United States in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions and international condemnation. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday urged North Korea to carry out a  sustained cessation  of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks. He did not specify how long the lull should last. North Korea conducted missile tests at a steady pace since April, then paused in September after firing a rocket that passed over Japan s Hokkaido island. But it renewed tests in November when it fired a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile, which flew higher and further than previous tests.
